This is the solution to exercise 42 and for this exercise
you were asked to print out in each line of the terminal the sum of homologous items from the two sequences.
So you 5, 7 and 9. You were given these two sequences, so a list and a tuple.
This is the solution.
Every time we wanted to do, to print something in a separate line you'd want to use a for loop.
And in this case we're using a zip function.
It's a Python built in function and what it does, the zip function it returns an iterator object
that aggregates two sequences.
In this case a and b, the list and the tuple. And then with with two variables
what you do is you access, in the first iteration you'd access the first item of each of these sequences.
So one on four in the first iteration and then you return the sum of them which is five and so on and
so forth until the last iteration which returns 9.
So three plus six. That's for this solution and explanation. Use a zip function whenever you want
to iterate to more than one sequence.
Thanks.
See you later.